Welcome to the online store design
hyphen dispute.
he and today we want to share with you
one and very curious sneakers on
in fact, these sneakers are very very
worthy
it means well actually you
see porsche design
and the model is called wounds
lcr sport style ie
apply for everyday walking and
for training like a stadium
so in the gym their own speaking
model black and white black top white
white sole and code 646 71 We
We are the official distributor in
Russia therefore these sneakers to us
Received one of the first such more
nowhere is the 2013 model very successful
even if they are in some kind of internet
the stores have then they go through us and
so let's see what we have
inside so well here's such
in the pouch can immediately say these
sneakers washable washable
typewriter that is this pouch for this and
created for transport to dance
transportation carrying and so on
so let's not set our own on it
attention and go directly to
microsoft and here it is our model let's
we remove this side like that and we see
we see very really very
quality product very high quality
rubberized
lightweight synthetic sole
tubular materials
technology here and so this thing looks
design can be said really
worthy very worthy to all
I recommend actually none of
there are no manufacturers of this option
Precisely here that this was and looked in
this way as we are seeing
really very high quality yong and
very light very light don't even know
what to compare but they are very light
strikingly light I would even say that
here so this whole thing looks mean
the body is made of rice
highly resistant rubberized material
less prone to scratches and wear
that is, it can be said that the hull is not
scratches even if you run around
stones it does not scratch does not wear
wo n't wipe the cloth at all
It will be great, that is, we checked
tested really really
so it is here at the top of us naturally
fulfilled please note from not tearing
mesh cover which allows
great that perfectly copes with
microflora
and breathability for your feet well
so this is all done laces
naturally do not get wet really
very worthy copy
let's give a very decent copy
let's see what we mean inside the sticker
wounds ensure survivor 4 hours 71
sneakers are original and unique to me
this instruction
are present here as I said them
can be washed in a washing machine then
There are manufacturers this provided
so wanna draw your attention to very
One interesting solution means see
if anyone tells you that these
sneakers are not stitched to you for ages to come
in the face, but such a grid is very
comfortable and most importantly guys draw
note the barcode on the foot of the sneaker and
the most important thing is that they are stitched
fully fully stitched
that is, from constant workouts from
constant loads these sneakers are not
tear not break apart will not unstuck and
so on is a very worthy option to everyone
recommend a series of 2013 they already
end with a successful series not much
it happens
your designs unfortunately so everyone
Again, we recommend to purchase and I want
immediately tell you before the end of November to
the end of November we will act
stock
these sneakers will cost 7290 rubles
until the end of November from 1 December these
sneakers will cost ten thousand
three hundred rubles so see for yourself
and choose means in terms of size
most sizes have already been disassembled
there were only more or less large and
exactly 42 43 43 and a half 44
more and more sizes left so
guys hurry option really
very interesting here so this whole thing
It looks gorgeous in my opinion
here in particular glamorous brilliant
version of performance he really
gives these sneakers a certain
status
certain status certain level
we really am such a variation
did not meet they look really
very worthy as I said therefore
so here I do it all so not
miss your chance to be closer to your
dreams and you had an online store
design
hyphen parse.com and new meetings